{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 File Name: twfe.py\
Description: Python script that runs the two-way fixed effects model with the given datasets. The output is the error frame for all observations and the metrics frame which contains the RMSE, bias, and computation time for each dataset\
\
File Name: knn.py\
Description: Python script that runs the k nearest neighbors model with the given datasets. The output is the error frame for all observations and the metrics frame which contains the RMSE, bias, and computation time for each dataset\
\
File Name: dml.py\
Description: Python script that runs the double machine learning (LASSO) model with the given datasets. The output is the error frame for all observations and the metrics frame which contains the RMSE, bias, and computation time for each dataset.\
\
File Name: causal_forest.py\
Description: Python script that runs the double machine learning (random forest) model with the given datasets. The output is the error frame for all observations and the metrics frame which contains the RMSE, bias, and computation time for each dataset.\
\
File Name: neural_net.py\
Description: Python script that runs the Tnet neural network model with the given datasets. The output is the error frame for all observations and the metrics frame which contains the RMSE, bias, and computation time for each dataset.\
\
File Name: gan.py\
Description: Python script that runs the GANITE GAN model with the given datasets. The output is the error frame for all observations and the metrics frame which contains the RMSE, bias, and computation time for each dataset.\
\
File Name: cf_emp.py\
Description: Python script that runs the double machine learning (random forest) model with the empirical dataset. The output is the estimated treatment effect for the time period.\
\
File Name: metrics.py\
Description: Python script that compiles all metric and error frames from the previous python scripts.\
\
File Name: empirical_data.R\
Description: R script that loads and cleans empirical data. Saves data to datasets folder for modeling in Python.\
\
File Name: synthetic_data_2.R\
Description: Data generating process for the synthetic data used for treatment effect estimation testing and modeling. Output is 9 datasets that are saved to the datasets folder for further modeling in Python.\
\
File Name: data_viz_final.R\
Description: Loads metrics data from the metrics.py script and the original synthetic data to create graphs, tables, and other miscellaneous visualizations. Outputs are saved to the plots folder.\
\
Folder Name: datasets\
Contents: 9 synthetic datasets, 1 empirical dataset\
\
Folder Name: eda\
Contents: Various pre-analysis visualizations and tables made in both synthetic_data_2.R and data_viz_final.R\
\
Folder Name: acc\
Contents: error tables for each method and dataset. Datasets contain estimated te, true te, error\
\
Folder Name: metrics\
Contents: All metric files saved by both the metrics.py script and all method scripts. Contains RMSE, bias, computation time.\
\
Folder Name: plots\
Contents: All plots and visualizations created by synthetic_data_2.R and data_viz_final.R\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}